Add: front matter descriptions for Python guides (#2632)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/wsgi/index.mdx

redirect_from:
  - /clients/python/integrations/wsgi/
  - /platforms/python/wsgi/

> description: "Learn about using Sentry's Python SDK with a Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI) framework."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about using Sentry's Python SDK with a WSGI app."
```
